welcome to the daily app show iPhone
edition Mako's space is a application
that allows you to chat and interact
with a lot of other people you can join
manually just by creating your account
or of course you can log in using
Facebook as well and connect with people
so right from the get-go here it lets me
know that I can join a room where over
six thousand people in a hundred and
four different rooms are using this chat
rooms or I can meet new friends there's
over seventy one thousand people online
right now that's a ton of people just to
be online right now so a lot of people
using this app and then any messages
that are sent to me within the app would
show up here
I can initiate the camera or select from
my photo library and add new photos to
my profile I can go into chat and select
from a chat room there are all kinds of
chat rooms very reminiscent of perhaps
something like AOL chat rooms or you
know pretty much any of those chats
there are very specific categories looks
like they max out at around 300 people
in a chat room which you can see some of
them are full and so then they break
into having secondary rooms which is
great because that way there isn't too
much stuff going on in a chat room you
can I am with people individually if you
don't have any friends you can find
friends very easily you can see I've got
a couple of friends here that it looks
like it's pulled from Facebook I can
also go and find people near me I can
find girls guys or more just have it
bring that specific information and so
these are people I don't know but there
are people that are near me under the
more tab of course we have more things
that we can do through the Safari
browser on our iPhone as well but
there's so much that you can do within
the application for joining a room going
in and doing chat meeting new friends
using these different features here to
view new friends instant messaging
people and connecting with them so of
course I am NOT going to click on
anybody's specific profile just because
of privacy issues but let's show you my
home here you also have profiles that
you can create and customize you can
customize your profile right here by
changing some of this information and I
can switch it up of course if you go
into the Safari browser there's more
that you can adjust and change it's
pretty neat which you can do and so we
also have our main menu right here which
will take us back or we can just tap on
back and go all the way back to the app
so it's kind of a hybrid the way that it
works here a lot of the features of
course work within this application and
then there are other features in the
Safari browser that you can use or of
course you can go to your computer and
use it as well so I think you're gonna
like this application as far as meeting
and finding new people to interact with
it has a lot of diversity as far as that
goes and a lot of other apps can't say
that they're usually pretty specific and
then that results in them not having a
whole lot of members but as you can see
at 2:30 in the afternoon 71 thousand
people online I can only imagine as it
gets later in the day how that number is
going to increase so definitely check
out this application Mako's space get it
today in the App Store